README.md, before:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)

# [**_St. Patrick's Day Post Card_**](https://wyne-ybanez.github.io/st.patricks-postcard/)

Deployed Project: https://wyne-ybanez.github.io/st.patricks-postcard/

This Project has been created for the Hackathon March 2021 organised by [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net/).  
This Project was created by the following Developers:

- Julian Garcia
- Matteo Imeri
- Slava Balykov
- Maridel
- Mseirag
- Wyne Ybanez

The theme for the Hackathon March 2021 is St Patrick's day.

## **_Site Owner story_**

We have decided to create a quiz game with fun facts regarding St Patrick's Day. The idea is to propose to the user some questions, if the questions are answered all correctly the user will get a post card rapresenting St Patrick's Day celebration.

## **_User Story_**
As a User I want to be able to answer the questions and discover fun facts regarding St Patrick's Day.  
As a User I want to be able to answer the questions and collect postcards.  
As a User I want to be able to come back and play again with the quiz.  
As a User I want to be able to be able to play with friends and family.  


## **_Technology Used_**
1. [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML) has been used in this project because is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.

2. [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)
is a style sheet language. It is used to style markup language such as HTML.

3. [Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/) has been used as an on-line IDE followed by [Github](https://github.com/) for deployment. IDE is a software application used by computer programmers for software development.


5. [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) has been used to achive mobile first design and to achive a structured layout. 


7. [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/) has been used to be able to display and add the following functionality: Google Maps, email service in contact page, slide show in gallery page.

10. [EmailJS](https://www.emailjs.com/) Has been used to be able to receive an email from the User to the developer with a request/message by filling the form in  the contact page.  

## **_Automated testing_**

* HTML pages tested with [W3C HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input).  No errors

* CSS file has been tested with [W3C CSS validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/). No errors.

* JavaScript files has been tested with [Jshint](https://jshint.com/). No errors.

## **_Known Bugs_**

* There is a bug where the user can press on the correct answer multiple times and the score increases by 1. We are still attempting to find a solution for this bug.

* There is a bug when submitted the quiz, text appear but its hidden on top of the postcard.

## **_Credit_**

We would like to thank [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net/) for the opportunity to participate to this Hackaton. Also a special thank to everyone involved in the creation of this project.

Commit message:

Add documentation about team collaboration process

README.md, after:

![CI logo](https://codeinstitute.s3.amazonaws.com/fullstack/ci_logo_small.png)

# [**_St. Patrick's Day Post Card_**](https://wyne-ybanez.github.io/st.patricks-postcard/)

Deployed Project: https://wyne-ybanez.github.io/st.patricks-postcard/

This Project has been created for the Hackathon March 2021 organised by [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net/).  
This Project was created by the following Developers:

- Julian Garcia
- Matteo Imeri
- Slava Balykov
- Maridel
- Mseirag
- Wyne Ybanez

The theme for the Hackathon March 2021 is St Patrick's day.

## **_Site Owner story_**

We have decided to create a quiz game with fun facts regarding St Patrick's Day. The idea is to propose to the user some questions, if the questions are answered all correctly the user will get a post card rapresenting St Patrick's Day celebration.

## **_User Story_**
As a User I want to be able to answer the questions and discover fun facts regarding St Patrick's Day.  
As a User I want to be able to answer the questions and collect postcards.  
As a User I want to be able to come back and play again with the quiz.  
As a User I want to be able to be able to play with friends and family.  

## **_Team Collaboration_**
During development, the team communicated in meetings and chat through the Slack Application. The team also incorporated an agile development processes through the use of kanban boards on Trello. After team meetings, an email summary of the discussion outlining current challenges, completed features, future implementations and work schedules.

![Trello_board](images/Trello.png)
![Trello_board2](images/Trello_board.png)

## **_Technology Used_**
1. [HTML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML) has been used in this project because is the standard markup language for documents designed to be displayed in a web browser.

2. [CSS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)
is a style sheet language. It is used to style markup language such as HTML.

3. [Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/) has been used as an on-line IDE followed by [Github](https://github.com/) for deployment. IDE is a software application used by computer programmers for software development.

4. [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/) has been used to achive mobile first design and to achive a structured layout. 

5. [JavaScript](https://www.javascript.com/) has been used to be able to display and add the following functionality: Google Maps, email service in contact page, slide show in gallery page.

6. [EmailJS](https://www.emailjs.com/) Has been used to be able to receive an email from the User to the developer with a request/message by filling the form in  the contact page.  

## **_Automated testing_**

* HTML pages tested with [W3C HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/#validate_by_input).  No errors

* CSS file has been tested with [W3C CSS validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/). No errors.

* JavaScript files has been tested with [Jshint](https://jshint.com/). No errors.

## **_Known Bugs_**

* There is a bug where the user can press on the correct answer multiple times and the score increases by 1. We are still attempting to find a solution for this bug.

* There is a bug when submitted the quiz, text appear but its hidden on top of the postcard.

## **_Credit_**

We would like to thank [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net/) for the opportunity to participate to this Hackaton. Also a special thank to everyone involved in the creation of this project.
